나서
The sky's protection is accepted
Come and see, if you're coming, Akatonbo
Bum, bum, the symbol flies away
Who put it on? The symbol
This power is nothing to be ashamed of
Thunder and storm, what's the big deal?
With heavy bombs in hand
New York, London, people are gathering
Bum, bum, the symbol flies away
The sky's protection is accepted
Come and see, if you're coming, Akatonbo
Bum, bum, the symbol flies away
Who put it on? The symbol
This power is nothing to be ashamed of
Bum, bum, the symbol flies away
I'm counting on you, my friend
The wings are made of fire
The mountain is the owner of the soul
The enemy is a monster, but
Come and see, if you're coming, Akatonbo
Bum, bum, the symbol flies away